Update api.assert.md (#172)
lukeed/uvu: docs/api.assert.md

assert.throws(() => OOPS(), err => err instanceof TypeError);
```

> If you are trying to assert that an `async` function throws an Error, the following approach [is recommended](https://github.com/lukeed/uvu/issues/35#issuecomment-896270152):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are trying to assert that an `async` function throws an Error, the following approach [is recommended](https://github.com/lukeed/uvu/issues/35#issuecomment-896270152):

```

> If you are trying to assert an an async function throws an Error, [the following idiom](https://github.com/lukeed/uvu/issues/35#issuecomment-896270152) should be used instead:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are trying to assert that an `async` function throws an Error, the following approach [is recommended](https://github.com/lukeed/uvu/issues/35#issuecomment-896270152):
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```js
```
